Editing FAQ. (#17153)
metabase/metabase: docs/faq/setup/what-is-h2.md

# What's H2?

> H2 is a lightweight, in-memory database; it's perfect for getting spun up quickly, but not so good for long-term usage. By default, Metabase uses H2 to store its internal data; we recommend that you [migrate off H2][migrate-off-h2] for production instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H2 is a lightweight, in-memory database; it's perfect for getting spun up quickly, but not so good for long-term usage. By default, Metabase uses H2 to store its internal data. If you want to run Metabase in production, we recommend that you [migrate off H2][migrate-off-h2].
```
